Cognitive class:

Python for data science - text file , download videos
R 101
Data Visualization with Python
------------------------------------

Intellipaat
--------------------------------------

Coursera - applied data science with Python
Data science specialization from Johns Hopkins


Applied AI course - 

IBM data science professional certificate

Why are you applying for Financial Aid?
I lost my job during this pandemic. 
I am currently unemployed and after trying so hard still I didnt get any job due to lack of my skill set and less opportunities
I lost my father in 2005. My mother is a cook in local restaurenets and she work as tailor to meet our financial needs
This course is therefore too expensive for me to afford. 
This course will boost my job prospects.
It will help perform better in understanding and learning this technology and give me an edge over my competitors. 
A verified certificate will attach credibility to the certificate I receive from this course. 
I plan to complete all assignments on or before time.
Also, I intend to participate in Discussion Forums, which I think will supplement my learning immensely.
I also plan to grade assignments that are to peer-reviewed which I believe will an invaluable learning opportunity.

How will taking this course help you achieve your career goals?
My main career goal is to learn every day. I want to learn and to progress in my career. 
I believe i will enhance my skill set in this and get the job soon so that I can improve my current family position.
Programming requires constant learning and improving. 
Taking this course will help me to learn and study this to implement it. 
It can help me advance in my knowledge. 
Identifying which aspects of data science and python seem most important and relevant to us, Walking away with a strong foundation in where data science and python is going, what it does, and how to prepare for it. 
This course will help me achieve it to learn. I want to improve my resume by completing these courses and writing them in my resume and collecting certificates to show them while required. 
I am an enthusiast and hard-working This not only will teach me the new languages will help me to improve myself.


I don’t possess a good financial condition at this stage to afford for this course for the above-mentioned reasons.